PHP Laravel web app (#168)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-training-phpapp: README.md

---
page_type: sample
description: This sample demonstrates how to use Microsoft Graph with a PHP web application and the Azure AD v2 authentication endpoint to access data in Office 365.
products:
- ms-graph
- microsoft-graph-calendar-api
- office-exchange-online
languages:
- php
---

> # Microsoft Graph Training Module - Build PHP apps with Microsoft Graph

Reviewer: Let's change the title here to `Microsoft Graph sample PHP Laravel web app`

- You can [sign up for a new personal Microsoft account](https://signup.live.com/signup?wa=wsignin1.0&rpsnv=12&ct=1454618383&rver=6.4.6456.0&wp=MBI_SSL_SHARED&wreply=https://mail.live.com/default.aspx&id=64855&cbcxt=mai&bk=1454618383&uiflavor=web&uaid=b213a65b4fdc484382b6622b3ecaa547&mkt=E-US&lc=1033&lic=1).
- You can [sign up for the Microsoft 365 Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program) to get a free Office 365 subscription.

## Register a web application with the Azure Active Directory admin center

1. Open a browser and navigate to the [Azure Active Directory admin center](https://aad.portal.azure.com). Login using a **personal account** (aka: Microsoft Account) or **Work or School Account**.

1. Select **Azure Active Directory** in the left-hand navigation, then select **App registrations** under **Manage**.

1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

    - Set **Name** to `PHP Graph Tutorial`.
    - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in any organizational directory and personal Microsoft accounts**.

>     - Under **Redirect URI**, set the first drop-down to `Web` and set the value to `https://localhost:5001/`.

Reviewer: This redirect URI isn't right.
```suggestion
    - Under **Redirect URI**, set the first drop-down to `Web` and set the value to `http://localhost:8000/callback`.
```

1. Select **Register**. On the **PHP Graph Tutorial** page, copy the value of the **Application (client) ID** and save it, you will need it in the next step.

> 1. Select **Authentication** under **Manage**. Under **Redirect URIs** add a URI with the value `https://localhost:5001/signin-oidc`.

Reviewer: Remove this step

> 1. Set the **Logout URL** to `https://localhost:5001/signout-oidc`.

Reviewer: Remove this step

> 1. Locate the **Implicit grant** section and enable **ID tokens**. Select **Save**.

Reviewer: Remove this step
